Then I'll go out and talk to you first
Giovanni
Whether it's business or personal
I have nothing to say to you
You continue
I met
Bajie
Do you still want it?
Sister Hua, Sister Hua, wait for me.
I need to talk to you.
You want to say
I don't want to hear it.
let go
Sister Hua
Susu took me to our old home yesterday
Know everything
These years
I have never forgotten you
The world is turned upside down
Right? In this life.
I have never forgotten that finally
You hurt me so much
How could I possibly forget you?
Now.
I just want to put the pain of your home on me
All back to you
But I want to thank you
Since you divorced me
My career became smooth
Thank you for letting me go.
That's what you thought
boss
Boss, come home with me, boss.